gentlemen, I am preparing to enter
to the plant where all the
harvest I have to place a
Special attachment in the ears for
that I did not hurt the sound there
inside we have to put on a cap
some lenses and also our helmet and
well let's go into this precise
moment so they know how they are made
the dehydrated blueberries and also
how it takes the whole procedure to
make the juices
there they come to the boxes that
we just saw with the blueberries for
that since they are clean they can
use them to make the juice and also
to dehydrate them justly
he had the blueberries
This is the vibrating machine that allows
correctly separating the
blueberries and empowers the next
process
it was the hand as we saw it a while ago
fell with pieces in different processes
it takes hours and a half to get to these
Special machines and it takes six hours
to be able to dry to be part
the sea is not dehydrated this already
it would be the dehydrated blueberry has already happened
by a procedure that his secret
manufacturing and technology scientist
applied cranberry to dehydrate what
here we have it, I'm going to place the
same game that was extracted projected
as a dehydrator so it's
easier to consume an easier
transport it here we have it like this
just out has a procedure
quite extensive and very scientific and
Professional the cranberry is hot
richer because it's warm
here is a specialized robot that goes
placing each of the bags in the
box analyzes the weight and distributes it
the correct way so that it was already sent to
the other countries
that's how the weapon looks, not 100%
dehydrated of a fresh consistency
and it's not sticky about that either
all the technology applied so that
we have to walk with the properties
whole but in a simpler way
to transport and a dismissal sun tabata
Jalil I hope you liked it and that
come joy